+++
categories = []
date = "2017-06-06T19:40:44-05:00"
tags = []
title = "About This Site"

+++
Welcome to my personal web site.

On this site you will find content about my research on Digital Signal
Processing, Image Processing and Video Processing.

Also, I like to write about Programming Languages, mainly focused on its design
and advantages on different implementations. Some Programming Languages I like
are Julia, Rust, Scala, Lisp and its variants, Haskell, etc.  With the use of
different languages come its tools. I will also be writing about programming
tools and how them impact the development. Currently I use a customized
[emacs](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) editor. My dotfile configuration
can be downloaded from my [github
repository](https://github.com/zenathark/dotfiles/).  You can also find content
about Game Design specifically on programming techniques for different game
mechanics and engines.

The content of this site is written for Computer Sciences undergrad and
postgraduate students, and the general academic community. Also, game design
enthusiast can find something of interest.

Finally, on this site I also include a list of my [publications](/publications/)
and links to my different social media accounts.

The information of this site is licensed under the [Creative Commons by 4.0
license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) that allows copy and
redistribute of the material in any medium or format, remix and build upon the
material. You must give appropriate credit. All gists and source code are
licensed under the [MIT
License](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html).

This site was build while taking the [Global Fresh Academy
ENG101E](https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:ASUx+ENG101x+2174C/info)
course.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

|[The WPA Outcomes for First-Year Composition](http://wpacouncil.org/positions/outcomes.html)|You may find the WPA Outcomes for First-Year Composition @ http://wpacouncil.org/positions/outcomes.html or by clicking on the title to the left of this text box.|
|[The Framework for Success in Postsecondary Writing](http://wpacouncil.org/framework)|You may find the Framework for Success in Postsecondary Writing @ http://wpacouncil.org/framework or by clicking on the title to the left of this text box.|
