#+begin_export html
+++
categories = ["Writer's Journal"]
date = "2017-06-25T15:51:00-05:00"
tags = ['Identity']
title = "Generative Writing (WJ #9)"

+++
#+end_export

I’m member of a community that enjoys the art and animation that comes from
japan. In other words, I’m an Otaku. I knew the term Otaku when I was in high
school, after I was already into this culture of giant robots and mythical
heroes for years. Where honor and dreams are the goal and the struggle to
achieve them the journey. In other words, stories filled with heroes in a
journey. This heroes are part of me.
 
When I was very young, maybe 6 years old, I watched an anime called Video Senshi
Laserion. I remember sitting on the floor in front of the TV watching, maybe by
the 14th time, this amazing scene where the protagonist named Toru, a teenager
computer genius, is running downstairs while shouting to its robot for it to
dematerialize and let him in. While in the robot, Toru typed frenetically at his
keyboard that allowed him to input commands for navigation and combat. An
amazing anime that to this day I keep present in my mind while I’m in front of
my beloved computer exploring new ideas about Computer Science research.
 
To like anime and to feel identified with its protagonist is more of a
consequence than a choice. I lived my early life in a small town. The only tv
shows available for kind were that of a local tv station. Mostly educative shows
like Sesame Street (the mexican version) and old runs of american animation like
looney toons or the smurfs. However, while I enjoyed that shows, something was
missing. I was a highly active child with a lot of free time and very few
friends. I spent my afternoons with my grandmother at the kitchen while waiting
for my mom to come back from work. My poor grandmother had to deal with a too
curious child that was talking all the time while trying to “help” at the
kitchen. My parents did the most logical thing, to find something that keep me
busy while one of them could came back from work to take me home. They used to
go to the video rental store one block away and look for new “cartoon tapes”
every week or so. It was a really small store but amazingly, it had new anime
video tapes every month or so that I liked to watch over and over again.
 
It could be just that I liked something fun to watch, but the idea of being this
ideal “hero” that values hard work, family and honor above anything else stroke
a nerve. I wanted to be like them. To be smart and cunning. To care for others
no matter what. To keep my family safe. It was the way I thought a grown up man
should be.
 
I came to that conclusion because I didn’t had a male figure close to me that I
really felt a connection with. At that time, there were just two close male
figures near me: my father and my uncle from my mother’s side. While I love both
of them, I never felt close to them as a child. As for friends, I only had a
couple. Mostly because I live, to this day, on a commercial zone where there are
very few houses. Most of the buildings are stores and parking lots. Also, we
moved out a lot over a span of 10 years. It was really hard to keep friendships
if I didn’t know were I was going to be next month. My friends were that young
kids that trained every day to become the best. Kids like me that talked to
talking animals and saved the world. Because of them I knew I had to get back on
my feet every time I fell. I had to keep caring even if anyone else seem to
care. To try to be the best at everything I wanted to do. To be kind with others
even if they aren’t with me but to defend myself if they wanted to hurt me.
 
To this day, I hold dear every memory I collected from anime series and, later
on, from japanese video games and fiction novels. Every ideal of that amazing
heroes echoes in every choice I have made. I have a happy life, full of people I
love and love me back, an amazing career full of challenges and surprises, only
because I took always the hard path. A path that is only taken by my childhood
heroes.
